  The software app we will be using to cad the design is AutoDesk Fusion 360. A laser cutter is needed to cut the wood sheets for the 
mechanical design. If you do no have a laser cutter, a box cutter will do. You will also need a 3D printer to print any needed parts.
  The overall design of the of the project is a cube, where each of the four adjacent sides make up the frames. Each frame will have a 
dimension of 15x15 inch. Within each frame, there are nine 4x4 inch acrylic panels with capacitive sensing technology, ultimately acting
as a "touch screen." Each frame has four layers, each having a specific mechanical function. The acrylic panel sits on top of the first
layer and the first layer is directly above thesecond layer. The first and second layer act in conjunction with each other by creating 
a stable configuration for the panel, which is the layer above, to sit evenly on the first layer. Because the acrylic panel has the same 
dimensions as the first layer, without the second layer being slightly larger, the panels would be unable to be securely stacked. The next
layer has a specific thickness of half an inch, which is the width the the LED strip we will be using. The LED strip will run along the 
square cutouts. The final layer allows wiring management. Once one frame is done, you have to do the same procedure three more times. To 
attach the layers of the frames, we recommend using wood glue. Now once all four frames are done, you can start assemblng the four 
faces together. In AutoDesk Fusion 360, we cadded a model called corner connector. This is a simple design to assemble the four frames
together. They will lay inside of the cube, in the corner. We can make holes to screw the corner connector and the frame together.
  Lets talk a little more about the acrylic panels with capsense technology. If you look at one acrylic square, you will see copper tape 
surrounding the perimeter. A wire is then soldered onto the copper tape so that we can connect the acrylic squares to the face 
PCB. This will act as a parallel plate while the person's hand will act as the other parallel plate. When the person makes contact with
the acrylic plate, the capacitance will change. If this change passes a certain threshold, the PCB will activate the LED strips.
  There are additional designs that makes the project look cleaner. One of the aesthetic choices is four wooden rectangular dowels. When
the four faces are assembled, the outside corners do not align with each other. By using the dowels, we cna make each face flush with 
each other. Another design choice is having a base and tower underneath the four faces. The tower will be a rectangular box that connects 
the four faces and the base. This will also give the game some height, allowing the players to stand when imitating the pattern. The base 
will be a simple box that houses the power supply. 
